Hey Hey welcome back to the fancy bread.
Case study now in the previous lectures we went over the modeling of the revenue as well as the expenses
so now we can kind of put it together.
All right.
So here on the summary sheet we're just going to put all the cash flow together.
We're going to have the timing here.
We're going to have the timing of the start of area.
Again these are numbers or we're going to make sure they're not showing as currency.
And then what we started with remember was we did it by looking at hey what if we wanted to look at
a certain number of ad impressions first going from there to click through to then conversions right.
So clients that we're getting the sign up were getting all of them to sign up through the web.
So then from there we have the number of new monthly customers that are acquired each month.
We factor in some attrition.
We also had some movement between the different tiers of customers.
So then we have the new customer count and then from there we have the cumulative customer account because
every month that they stay on as a customer they got to pay them monthly dues.
So from there we have the direct customer revenue but some of them brought in gas and sometimes they
brought in gas more frequently than they were allowed to.
So then they would have overages right and of the customers that had guests overages they had these
guests overage hours which were charged at six dollars an hour.
In our case right now and then so there was a total gas overage revenue and then we can combine that
with the direct revenue the monthly dues we have the total revenue by group and then we group that together
we have the gross revenue.
Now on the spend side we had our start up costs rent that was kicking in right away during that period
of time.
And then after the start up costs are in we have the customers and the hours that they were using and
based on the total hours that were use both customers and guests hours both free and overage guests
hours we had the total usage cost.
We also have the CPM cost the advertising cost right there.
We also have the partnership acquisition cost.
We also had overhead in terms of compensation for labor as well as other per person overhead and other
monthly expenses.
So then when we combine all that we have the total run rate then we can find out based on the cash thats
coming in as well as the cash is going now we would see when we would actually have a breakeven.
And also on a cumulative cash basis we can figure out what the maximum cash need would be or any of
the outlay.
So looks like with these assumptions the maximum cash need is about four hundred a thousand dollars
to go back to the Startup tab 480000 thats needed maybe we'll add another 10 percent padding to it.
So then the total funding need.
My end up looking like 450000.
So the thing about this is as you build the model you might change your assumptions.
Right.
So the main thing is to feel comfortable with how it's constructed and then you know you don't need
to initially worry about whether your assumptions are correct after you build your model if you're good
with and comfortable with the logic of how it flows.
Then you can drill down on all of the assumptions to make sure that he is 30 grand for living expenses
for you know two co-founders for six months that reasonable or are we crazy or are we going to be eating
ramen every day you know.
Or is it's fine.
So then he can drill in on all the assumptions and then make adjustments there.
So there you go.
You get the fancy bread case study here with the model.